PDF chips my aunt chippy was on TV on
Monday me and chippy had a guest acting
spot on a true-crime show on
Investigation Discovery the channel it's
called betrayed it's on Monday night she
loved she played a woman who was friends
with a woman who got murdered they
reenact the whole thing and well with
that said I now present for your Emmy
consideration my aunt chippy Priscilla I
wish you wouldn't meet a nice guy for a
change it's just been one creep after
another I know I have never been lucky
in love what do you know about these
guys that do me that these polities well
I guess all I know is that he was
married that's some serious that's some
high-caliber acting going on there so
well what Edgewood he didn't know is
that the reason she was there so we
could pull a prank on her I'm always
looking for new ways to get her going
and she loves this show betrayed so we
told her they contacted us to give her a
part on the show we deployed my cousin
Sal to go undercover and believe it or
not we got her again
[Music]
alright we're on the set of the show
betrayed where my and chippy is a real
guest star and Neil over here is a fake
director is that right yeah I've no idea
what I'm gonna never done it before no
great you're hired go get her hi hi hi
how are you chippy hi hi Neil nice to
meet you there's the mark right there
I'm not used to reading lines on my
nephew show I just do whatever the hell
happens she's extra salty today we're
good okay let's just try and get a
little good vibes going here among the
actors okay maybe maybe we tried vocal
exercises let's do a vocal warmup
everybody just says right into it also I
know you were late were you able to get
into makeup and you got makeup right
you'd be ran a little late that's okay I
just want to make sure that it's where
it needs to be and we'll do it okay your
first line is you can put me down for a
set we're at a Tupperware party yeah and
you know it's Anthony we're tubby we're
right tap bar where I'll send you an R
okay well the line is you can put me
down for a sell market action this is
our number one bestseller ladies I'll
take one that's set that's cut you can
put me down for a set a set of top e
where
action oh you could put me down for Seth
wonderful everyone enjoy the finger
sandwiches I know I have a line
Priscilla I wish you could meet a nice
guy for a change it's just been one
creep after another okay action
I wish you could find a guy that isn't a
creep cut I wish you could find somebody
that's not a creep for a change
okay cut I wish you could find somebody
other than a crack-up
there was just you'd never find the
right guy find somebody that's not a
creep just one guy after another mm-hmm
I think the problem is you're you're
trying to do a Brooklyn accent are you
doing an accent on purpose no that's the
way I talk what accent is that Brooklyn
Brooklyn I've never heard that as a
Brooklyn accent I lived in Brooklyn for
a little while I was born there you were
yeah I've seen the Sopranos I saw the
first three seasons it doesn't sound
like Brooklyn to me I watched something
with a big famous Sopranos and
everything else well my brother lived in
Waynesburg from thousand nine to 2010
okay can you tried the line maybe with a
little less of the accent that you have
does that make sense
I'll try just in case the executives
hate the Brooklyn thing just in case the
executives don't go for the Brooklyn
thing that you're trying to do love the
Brooklyn say that that was Brooklyn that
was Brooklyn yeah that was Brooklyn out
on the stoop forget about it
pizza okay
[Applause]
priscila I wishes a little work on just
a little just Priscilla Priscilla
Priscilla I wish you could meet a nice
guy for a change
you've just been one creep after another
one more vocal exercise you think that
would help
okay I want to do another take of this
but I'd like you guys to really have a
reaction to the finger sandwiches can
you inhale like you're surprised to see
the finger sandwich is okay and action
well everyone enjoys the finger
sandwiches can everybody take finger
sandwiches finger sandwiches good job
everybody okay I know it's a little
tense I'm sorry I'm sorry okay
so guys we really got to start focusing
here on set you know we're all this is a
job no way was she wearing what was she
wearing what was she wearing
question mark I'm on set we're running
behind yeah it's Joe let's move it okay
my finger okay everybody focus up we
wasted a lot of time this morning we'll
take it from the very end of your line
action we haven't gotten the second hand
for the reaction we haven't gotten the
second hand for the scene actually it's
wonderful how you support yourself
Priscilla it's been okay with a sexier
bike okay I want everybody to be just a
little bit more aroused maybe okay
actually it's wonderful how you support
yourself and that's the sexy as you can
get can you get vocalize coos hmm hmm
you do it a more womanly way yeah just
I'm hearing ALPA Chino here
Italian a little less Brooklyn a lot
more feminine okay action
sexy buddy mmm Italian it's too Italian
it's still too Italian okay let's get
somebody who's not Italian okay we have
an understudy in here this has been a
really unprofessional salad that's fine
can we get you in Sally I'm ready to
take over
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape